---------- forwarded message ---------- from: "paytm" < care@paytm.com > date: 01-aug-2015 4:45 pm subject: your bus ticket  dharamshala to chandigarh on sunday, august 02, 2015 to: < burnwalamit@yahoo.co.in >, < amitrasha@gmail.com > cc: order no. 1139489795 from dharamshala to chandigarh date of journey 2015-08-02 reporting time 6:20 pm departure time 6:35 pm status booked paytm ticket id ocrrtq passenger name seat ticket pnr amit burnwal 33 9kqdkdj boarding point address maan filling station, maan filling station,dharamshala, maan filling station bus type volvo a/c seater semi sleeper (2+2) bedi travels (brand new volvo) 9816611655 , 9736560355 total fare rs 999 if you did not create this account on paytm and you think someone else has used your email id to create an account, please remove your email id from this account by clicking here at paytm we value your trust. your money is yours unless you get what you paid for. we are here 24 x 7 for you! please click here to reach us. or call us at 9999391234 from your registered mobile number. you will receive your cash back in 1 hour. ** always carry ticket printout and your id proof while travelling terms and conditions paytm is only a bus ticket agent. it does not operate bus services of its own. in order to provide a comprehensive choice of bus operators, departure times and prices to customers, it has tied up with many bus operators and service providers. paytms advice to customers is to choose bus operators they are aware of and whose service they are comfortable with. cancellation policy hours before departure refund between 0 hrs. to 12 hrs. 0% before 12 hrs. 90% refund policy mentioned above is indicative. the actual cancellation charges are determined by bus operators and bus providers at the actual time of cancellation. paytm has no role in governing cancellation charges. cancellation charges are calculated on the actual fare of the ticket, if any discount coupons are used while purchasing the ticket, the discounted value would be used to calculate the refund amount when a ticket is cancelled. paytm is responsible for issuing a valid ticket (a ticket that will be accepted by the bus operator) for its network of bus operators. providing refund and support in the event of cancellation. providing customer support and information in case of any delays / inconvenience. paytms responsibilities do not include the bus operators bus not departing / reaching on time. the bus operators employees being rude. the bus operators bus seats etc not being up to the customers expectation. the bus operator canceling the trip due to unavoidable reasons. the baggage of the customer getting lost / stolen / damaged. the bus operator changing a customers seat at the last minute to accommodate a lady / child. the customer waiting at the wrong boarding point (please call the bus operator to find out the exact boarding point if you are not a regular traveler on that particular bus). the bus operator changing the boarding point and/or using a pick-up vehicle at the boarding point to take customers to the bus departure point