cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert deal alert: canary islands fr 540 per couple | 4* morocco fr 586 per couple | majorca & more... manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers deal alert brought to you by lowcost holidays. approved by cheapflights! agadir 4* holiday w/b'fast & flights, 7 nts just a short stroll from the gorgeous 4-mile beach, the blue sea le tivoli has plenty to offer including a gym, beauty salon & gym to name a few. (fr 288pp) fr 569 per couple see deal tenerife 4* holiday w/b'fast & flights, 7 nts on the hunt for a relaxing & peaceful break? you're in luck as this hotel is set close to the beach, mountains & sea. you'll also find a pool & lots of entertainment for all. (fr 330pp) fr 661 per couple see deal costa blanca 3* holiday w/ b'fast & flights, 7 nts ideal for couples & families, this property is situated close to the beaches, golf club & centre of benidorm. you'll also find a theme park a short distance away. (fr 354pp) fr 709 per couple see deal lanzarote 3* all-inc holiday w/flights, 7 nts enjoy marvellous views across the ocean at this hotel which close to the beach & main boulevard. you'll also find yourself nearby a water park which will keep families & couples entertained. (fr 270pp) fr 540 per couple see deal marrakech 4* holiday w/b'fast & flights, 7 nts escape the hustle & bustle at this elegant property, which boasts a wide range of facilities including a night club, large outdoor pool & more. (fr 333pp) fr 666 per couple see deal majorca 3* apartment holiday w/flights, 7 nts this centrally located hotel in magaluf is only 100 metres away from the stunning beach. the property is adorned with indoor & outdoor pools, an on-site spa & more. (fr 364pp) fr 728 per couple see deal see more deals terms and conditions: all prices shown are priced per couple based on 2 sharing for the duration stated. please note that these offers are subject to availability. all prices and promotions featured were available at the time of send and change on a constant basis, they may vary up or down. flight + hotel prices exclude compulsory baggage costs. lowcostholidays spain, s.l.u is registered in the register of companies of palma de mallorca, volume 2546, book 0, register 97, sheet pm-72380, entry 1 cif: b57813248, bal number: avbal/636. want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.