cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert deal alert: 3-5* hotel stays in tenerife, algarve, berlin, dubai, crete & alicante latest travel deals straight to your inbox manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers deal alert brought to you by trivago. approved by cheapflights! portugal algarve  3-5 * hotel & apartment stays w/top deals  portimao, vilamoura, albufeira & more  haven for golf lovers & explorers up to 85% off fr 7 - 69 pn see deals greece crete  3-5* hotel stays across the island  heraklion, malia, chersonissos & more  discover greek myths & picturesque beaches up to 80% off fr 11 - 68 pn see deals spain alicante  3-5* hotel stays with top deals across the region  perfect getaways for couples & families  explore the castle & relax by the waterfront up to 80% off fr 20 - 54 pn see deals canaries tenerife  3-5* hotel stays near or on the beach  top-rated properties across popular resorts  beautiful beaches & excellent nightlife up to 85% off fr 21 - 69 pn see deals germany berlin  3-5 * hotels with top-rated stays  visit the berlin wall & holocaust memorial  great nightlife & enticing history up to 60% off fr 27 - 69 pn see deals uae dubai  3-5* hotel stays across the city  old world charm & modern innovation  unwind on the beach or explore the city up to 70% off fr 48 - 68 pn see deals see more deals terms and conditions: www.trivago.co.uk allows travellers to find the perfect hotel at the best price, from over 700,000 hotels and over 200 booking sites worldwide. rates quoted are based on double room price per night. all prices listed above are for guidance only and may vary depending on availability of partners. want more? search here flight search hotel search special offers travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets. momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.