cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend edition: get inspired with flights, holidays, travel tips & more manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers the weekend edition the travel mix: fly, save, read... dream! spotlight this week, we've teamed up with trivago to offer you some hot offers on city and beach hotels worldwide. compare thousands of hotel prices and get the best deals while saving time and money! up to 85% off hotels! find your ideal hotel las vegas up to 85% off fr 21 pn sydney up to 50% off fr 26 pn dubai up to 65% off fr 30 pn lanzarote up to 40% off fr 31 pn alicante up to 65% off fr 39 pn amsterdam up to 40% off fr 46 pn on your doorstep check out our best flight deals this week, available from your nearest airport. need a place to stay? then check out our hotel bargains too! destination flights fr hotels fr amsterdam 41 barcelona 23 paris 40 dublin 35 majorca 18 destination flights fr hotels fr faro 23 tenerife 48 alicante 27 colombo 63 rome 43 flight prices are per person return, and include t axes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 31/07/2015). search more destinations the world is your oyster destination flights fr hotels fr orlando 21 new york 59 bangkok 11 los angeles 74 manila 27 destination flights fr hotels fr dubai 76 hong kong 74 sydney 68 malaga 36 lagos 93 flight prices are per person return, and include t axes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 31/07/2015). search more destinations competition time! we've teamed up with weswap to bring you a great competition this week! weswap is the social currency exchange that lets you swap currency directly with people rather than buying it from a bank or elsewhere. win a city break for two! beautiful barcelona enjoy a 2-night hotel stay with breakfast and return flights from london stansted. valid for a choice of dates september-november 2015. to enter, all you have to do is sign up for a weswap account. competition ends 31 august 2015. (no purchase necessary to win.) enter now great getaways we know you love a good deal, so heres our weekly pick of cool new deals and some you may have missed. reykjavik, iceland city break 3-nt break w/northern lights tour absolute iceland from 199 pp algarve holiday 4* half-board holiday, 7 nts the wise miser from 249 pp turkey holiday 5* ultra all-inc w/room upgrade blue sea holidays save 180 from 329 pp orlando holiday 14-nt exec plus villa hol w/extras travelplanners save 300 from 649 pp our travel blogs need inspiration or advice on where to visit next? read our travel tips, how-to guides and infographic pieces from our travel experts. london to scotland plane, train or bus for the trip north? top ten rentals phones, islands and more - make life easy! packing panic averted the ultimate 'how to' - from the experts. cycling in amsterdam here are some tips for cycling like a local. photo of the week get lost in our photo of the week, submitted by our subscribers. want your photo here? send it to us with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com anna maria island, florida, by melissa terry want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.