answer: i was in connaught place the other day (around 9 0' clock at night) tr... top stories from your feed your quora digest vishesh chawla voted up this answer. how well is arvind kejriwal governing in delhi? debopam basu , riding an illusion. 2.3k votes i was in connaught place the other day (around 9 0' clock at night) trying to hail an auto. most auto wallahs tend to ask for a little more than the metered fare and this time was no different. having brushed a couple of autowallahs aside, got into one driven by a middle aged guy. he started off with " kya sir. kab se yaha bula raha tha aapko. meter mein chalte hai. sunte hi nahi ho aap " (been ... read more  aarti kashyap voted up this answer. what are some of the greatest examples of absence of mind? vijay choudhary , blogger, civil engineer-in making & r... 2.5k votes in my first year of engineering, i had a target of 100% attendance throughout whole semesters. my college was 5-6 km far from my house and i used to go college through public transport (city buses). one fine day, as usual, i prepared my-self and came on stop to catch the bus. entered in bus and found bus has too fewer passenger than usual. i inquired bus conductor about such less crowd. ..... read more  how can you make over $10,000 monthly selling on amazon and drop shipping? ron rule , cto @ as seen on tv, ecommerce & big ... 48 votes the formula is actually fairly easy if you have some operating capital. first, you need a source for a products you can white label. you may have to pre-order some inventory, but you don't actually have to take possession of the inventory - most companies that are willing to drop ship will let you pre-purchase units, but still keep it in their warehouse and fulfill for you. or, you can have th... read more  what was daily life like for a medieval king? stephen tempest 2.0k votes mediaeval kings spent a lot of time travelling around their realm from place to place. one of the duties of a vassal was offering hospitality to the king and his entourage if he chose to pay a visit - which could get very expensive, since kings always travelled with a large number of guards, ministers, servants and companions befitting their status. indeed, one of the purposes of such visits wa... read more  what happens to myrcella baratheon in the books? kelsey l. hayes , i know too much about asoiaf. 73 votes book spoilers in the novels, myrcella baratheon is sent to dorne to marry trystane martell, same as on the show. accompanying her is the kingsguard arys oakheart. but doran martell has two other children who are both older: quentyn, who is sent to meereen to negotiate a marriage pact with dany, and arianne, his oldest child and heir (in dorne the oldest child inherits, male or female). aria... read more  was steve jobs premature in banning flash from all ios devices? glyn williams , published ios developer. 817 votes when jobs wrote " thoughts on flash ", it was considered a a bit controversial. at the time, many regarded flash as an "official" web standard. even though it was a proprietary technology belonging to one company. the apple-phobic parts of the tech press hated this and rounded on the decision. but not long after, google abandoned mobile flash for its android chrome browser. and now even youtu... read more  what is the best e-commerce marketplace software? benito consonni 44 votes in terms of popularity, i think shopify has the most in terms of ommercially available is getting the most attention. there's a big community of resellers and app developers and apps that are available. you need to remember that these apps are all extra to buy; run and maintenance is extra. if you want a google platform that is robust, scalable and with boat loads of features, please look ... read more  do physicists get annoyed when people say no one really understands quantum mechanics? inna vishik , postdoctoral fellow @ mit physics dep... 947 votes yes, it's annoying. similar to the word 'theory', the word 'understand' means something different to scientists than it does in casual conversation. when physicists do not understand something, it does not mean they understand nothing about that topic. it could mean that they are trying to explain a specific sub-problem within a larger field that no one had thought to explain before, or it c... read more  akanksha singh voted up this answer. which is the most heart touching story? anirudh anupama , is a short story writer. 1.9k votes the return gift. "how many times do i tell you that i will buy you the car on your birthday," mumma yelled at him. "what has mumma told you to do when she is working on her laptop?". "not to disturb her", little varun murmured, adorable in his anger, but not looking at his mother at all. "go to your room right now and do your homework." loudly shouting, mumma pointed at his room upstairs, ask... read more  what do people who have lived on hawaii all their lives think of the mainland usa? garrick saito , raised in hawaii 930 votes it may help to understand our perspective. let's take a look at hawaii on the map for just a moment, the most isolated substantially populated land mass on earth. it is literally in the middle of nowhere, almost 2,500 miles to california and 4,100 miles to japan. other than the tourists who visit the islands, we're pretty cut off from the rest of the world. what we think of the "mainland" ... read more  read more in your feed this email was sent by quora (650 castro street #450, mountain view, ca 94041). quora is the best answer to any question. unsubscribe from this email.