cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the british airways sale - last chance, ends tomorrow... manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers deal alert brought to you by british airways. approved by cheapflights! about the deal a landmark skyscraper just off times square and within walking distance of broadway, world-class shopping and award-winning restaurants, the 4* westin nyc times square hotel is an ideal choice for couples and families alike. luxurious rooms offer signature, modern amenities, with spectacular views overlooking the hudson river and empire state building. highlights include a 24-hour gym with state-of-the-art-facilities, plus a 200,000 sq. ft. retail, dining and entertainment complex. what's included  3-night city break near broadway  return flights w/british airways fr 499 pp search more holiday offers in the british airways sale terms and conditions availability may be extremely limited, particularly during peak periods. all holiday prices shown are in gbp per person based on 2 adults sharing and include return british airways flights in world traveller or euro traveller from a london airport. travel must be completed within the travel dates stated. all pre-payable taxes, fees, charges and security and fuel surcharges correct as at 25/09/15 but may vary. further holidays, destinations and travel periods are available on ba.com but may not be available at the advertised price. want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.