new! cybersecurity from mit professional education. learn the latest strategies and techniques from leading security experts at mit. how will you protect your company's code and data? our partners at mit professional education have announced an exciting new course on cybersecurity starting on september 15. this six-week online course is designed for engineers, technical managers, entrepreneurs, and c-level executives looking to gain the tools and knowledge to develop concrete strategic cybersecurity action plans. with instruction from 14 world-renowned cybersecurity faculty experts from the mit computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory(csail) , you will move your organization from "patch and pray" defense to "security by default." discover new solutions to solve your organization's security challenges . students who successfully complete all course requirements are eligible to receive a certificate of completion and 1.2 ceus from mit professional education. learn more about cybersecurity what you'll learn to examine security challenges in hardware, software and cryptography to assess the impact of technology advances on cybersecurity to develop strategies for creating secure systems to engage confidently with management on cybersecurity challenges faced by your industry take advantage of the introductory price of $545 and save an additional 10% with the code: mitxbd10. you cant afford to wait! enroll in cybersecurity today * offer terms & conditions promotional code must be entered at time of registration and payment must be made in accordance with digital programs policies in order to receive discount. offer cannot be applied to previously submitted registrations and credit will not be applied retroactively. offers cannot be combined for additional discounts. introductory price is only available for the september run of the course. facebook twitter linkedin google plus tumblr view this email in your browser copyright  2015 edx - main, all rights reserved. you are receiving this email because you have enrolled in an mitx course on edx. our mailing address is: edx - main 141 portland st 9th floor cambridge , ma 02139 add us to your address book unsubscribe from this list update subscription preferences forward to a friend