cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend edition: get inspired with flights, holidays, travel tips & more... manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers the weekend edition the travel mix: fly, save, read... dream! in this issue cruise week spotlight | flight & hotel offers win a trip to amsterdam! | great getaways | travel blogs | photo of the week: australia spotlight in celebration of cruise week 2015, weve teamed up with cruise nation to bring you these exclusive offers courtesy of msc cruises. selected sailings feature extras such as free balcony upgrades, drinks and hotel stays, and they all feature some breath-taking destinations and spectacular cruise ships! msc cruises - up to 500 off! med, greek isles, dubai & more med w/balcony upgrade fr 399 pp greece, kotor & venice fr 449 pp med all-inclusive fr 499 pp spain & more w/balcony fr 499 pp lake garda & east med fr 599 pp dubai w/balcony upgrade fr 799 pp on your doorstep check out our best flight deals this week, available from your nearest airport. need a place to stay? then check out our hotel bargains too! european beaches destination flights fr or search... 1. crete 2. faro 3. fuerteventura 4. majorca 5. tenerife european cities destination flights fr or search... 1. barcelona 2. cyprus 3. paris 4. prague 5. rome asia & africa destination flights fr or search... 1. bangkok 2. sharm el sheikh 3. cape town 4. dubai 5. goa usa & rest destination flights fr or search... 1. mauritius 2. new york 4. orlando 4. sydney 5. las vegas prices are from the amount stated, for a return ticket, and include taxes and charges. prices correct as of 18/09/2015 search more destinations competition time! we've teamed up with weswap to bring you a great competition this week! weswap is the social currency exchange that lets you swap currency directly with people rather than buying it from a bank or elsewhere. win a luxury trip to amsterdam cheapflights exclusive enjoy a 2-night stay at a 4* hotel, with breakfast and return flights from london gatwick or stansted, for two. valid for selected dates in november 2015. to enter, all you have to do is sign up for a weswap account. competition ends 7th october 2015. (no purchase necessary to win.) enter now great getaways we know you love a good deal, so here's our weekly pick of cool new deals and some you may have missed. sandals autumn sale luxury barbados all-inc w/virgin flights sandals resorts up to 45% off fr 1449 pp see deal budapest 3* xmas market break w/extras, 3 nts blue sea holidays 3 nights for 2! fr 129 pp see deal iceland: northern lights city break w/b'fast & tour, 3 or 4 nts absolute iceland fr 199 pp see deal crete 4* all-inclusive beach holiday, 7 nts the wisemiser 1st child fr 119 fr 189 pp see deal *prices correct as of 18/09/2015 see more deals our travel blogs need inspiration or advice on where to visit next? read our travel tips, how-to guides and infographic pieces from our travel experts. infographic: are you a 'bagstiv' or a hzisrkny? shoulder season: holiday bargains! photo of the week get lost in our photo of the week, submitted by our subscribers. want your photo here? send it to us with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com nature's window, kalbarri wa, australia want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.