future of energy by shell february 28, 2014 still active discussions (5) what if man made global warming is not real and we are in a natural climate cycle? started by kevin scott http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/feb/26/greenpeace-co-founder-says-no-scientific-proof-hum/ by elizabeth keen 6 new comments like keystone pipeline here in america. what are your views on the construction of the keystone pipeline? i feel in todays economy we need to utilize all kinds of energy. started by philip mcmanus we'd all like the keystone pipeline to create a million new high paying jobs and drop the price of gasoline to 1950's prices. the reality... more  by mark hill 4 new comments like "scientific evidence for warming of the climate system is unequivocal." started by roberto de carvalho we need to start with national building energy efficiency standards, to be implemented in 5 years time, and provide the mechanism for... more  by darrell prince 1 new comment like climate change worries on keystone pipeline started by nelson mojarro the xl pipeline will carry heavy "tar"sand for export only. i understand the market is for china. by jim stevens 1 new comment like exxon's ceo worries on fracking.... started by nelson mojarro ahh, the media loves a story that smacks of irony and hypocrisy. ... more  by christopher vogt 1 new comment like new discussions (8) interesting look at what the farm bill means to energy started by elisa wood, editor at energy efficiency markets like  flag poll transportation demand is estimated to grow more than 40 percent between 2010 and 2040. in which sector do analysts predict that most of this growth will occur? started by maria e. amezaga, global strategy manager- social media center of excellence, communication strategy vote  rail vote  heavy duty vote  aviation vote  marine vote  light duty like  flag all germanys nuclear power plants are intended to be offline by 2022. started by roberto de carvalho, engineer devoted to issues of today especially those related to energy. like  flag energy poverty is an endemic and crippling problem for nearly 600 million people in africa. started by roberto de carvalho, engineer devoted to issues of today especially those related to energy. like  flag home electricity use in us falling to 2001 levels started by sammy janowitz, energy - natural gas & electricity like  flag is hydraulic fracturing a benefit to the environment or a big negative? most people have really benefited from it, in jobs and upgrade in lifestyle. does this make up for the effects on environment. started by walt noto, -- like  flag the national renewable support schemes in the eu are on the verge of a major overhaul. started by roberto de carvalho, engineer devoted to issues of today especially those related to energy. like  flag with global unconventional production increasing, well stimulation materials demand to increase. started by lori ditoro, editor/managing editor, upstream pumping solutions/pumps & systems like  flag stop inappropriate content the moment it is posted. send me an email for each new discussion  you are receiving group digest emails. unsubscribe . this email was intended for dhiraj kumar (member at international business cell, delhi school of economics). learn why we included this .  2014, linkedin corporation. 2029 stierlin ct. mountain view, ca 94043, usa