cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend edition: get inspired with flights, holidays, travel tips & more manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers the weekend edition the travel mix: fly, save, read... dream! spotlight this week, we've teamed up with the icelandic airline wow air to bring you flight offers to reykjavik, washington, d.c and boston. wow air provides flights to 20 destinations in europe and the usa, and are known for being "the airline with the biggest smile and lowest prices." top flights with wow air reykjavik, washington, d.c & boston whether the lure of the northern lights draws you to the rocky glaciers of iceland's capital city, or the neoclassical monuments and iconic sights inspire you to take a trip to the usa, why not kick-start your travels with these savings from wow air and really put the wow factor into your journey. london gatwick to reykjavik fr 49 ow london gatwick to washington, d.c fr 129 ow london gatwick to boston fr 129 ow on your doorstep check out our best flight deals this week, available from your nearest airport. need a place to stay? then check out our hotel bargains too! destination flights fr hotels amsterdam get prices barcelona get prices crete get prices dublin get prices faro get prices destination flights fr hotels lanzarote get prices majorca get prices malaga get prices paris get prices tenerife get prices flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 21/08/2015). search more destinations the world is your oyster destination flights fr hotels bangkok get prices corfu get prices dubai get prices johannesburg get prices los angeles get prices destination flights fr hotels malta get prices new york get prices orlando get prices sharm el sheikh get prices sydney get prices flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 21/08/2015). search more destinations competition time! we're giving you another chance to enter this great competition from weswap! weswap is the social currency exchange that lets you swap currency directly with people rather than buying it from a bank or elsewhere. win a trip to barcelona! a city break for two people enjoy a 2-night hotel stay with breakfast and return flights from london stansted. valid for a choice of dates september-november 2015. to enter, all you have to do is sign up for a weswap account. competition ends 31 august 2015. (no purchase necessary to win.) enter now great getaways we know you love a good deal, so here's our weekly pick of cool new deals and some you may have missed. sandals autumn sale 5* all-inc caribbean w/virgin flights sandals resorts up to 45% off fr 1099 pp see deal turkey 5* all-inc beach hol w/extras, 7 nts blue sea holidays save 160 fr 295 pp see deal dubai 4* city break w/breakfast, 3 nts teletext holidays 25% off fr 406 pp see deal lanzarote 3* all-inclusive holiday, 7 nts the wisemiser 25% off fr 299 pp see deal *prices correct as of 21/08/15 our travel blogs need inspiration or advice on where to visit next? read our travel tips, how-to guides and infographic pieces from our travel experts. new zealand: 10 mad things to do paris: 10 things under 50 photo of the week get lost in our photo of the week, submitted by our subscribers. want your photo here? send it to us with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com richmond park, south-west london, by bruce biege want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.