cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert deal alert: majorca, tenerife, algarve, barcelona, paris & new york manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers deal alert brought to you by trivago. approved by cheapflights! canary islands tenerife  3-5* hotel stays near the coast or on the beach  top-rated accommodation in a choice of locations  perfect getaways for couples & families alike up to 45% off fr 20 pn see deal spain barcelona  3-5* hotel stays with top deals across the city  stay in beautiful districts in and around the city  visit the sagrada familia, art museums & more up to 35% off fr 44 pn see deal france paris  3-5 * hotels with top-rated stays  stay near top attractions including the eiffel towel  visit the louvre, moulin rouge, catacombs & more up to 50% off fr 49 pn see deal balearics majorca  3-5 * hotel stays with top brands  stay in alcudia, cala d'or, paguera & more  sheltered coves, limestone mountains & beaches up to 90% off fr 38 pn see deal portugal algarve  3-5 * hotel stays with top deals & new hotels  stay near the city centre or close to the beach  tranquil fishing villages & exciting nightilfe up to 85% off fr 43 pn see deal usa new york  3-5 * hotel stays with top deals & popular brands  stay near times square, long island & 5th avenue  visit central park, the statue of liberty & more up to 50% off fr 83 pn see deal see more deals terms and conditions: www.trivago.co.uk allows travellers to find the perfect hotel at the best price, from over 700,000 hotels and over 200 booking sites worldwide. rates quoted are based on double room price per night. all prices listed above are for guidance only and may vary depending on availability of partners. want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.