cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert deal alert: up to 42% off majorca, canaries, costa brava, algarve & more... manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers deal alert brought to you by teletext holidays. approved by cheapflights! 4* costa brava 5-nt all-inclusive holiday: 42% off enjoy a tranquil, 4* stay in the beautiful village of tossa de mar, just a short stroll from the town centre, shops, bars, restaurants and beach. enjoy spacious rooms with either a balcony or a terrace. 42% off fr 155 pp see more 4* majorca 4-nt all-inclusive beach hol: 42% off indulge in panoramic views at this modern, 4* hotel in calas de mallorca. make the most of the sunshine in the garden and terrace designed for relaxation, the beach within a few minutes walk, or tennis courts for those feeling more energetic. 42% off fr 182 pp see more 4* corfu 7-nt all-inc spa resort hol: 39% off set amidst beautiful landscaped gardens, 500 metres from the beach, this 4* hotel boasts a free-form pool, a selection of bars and restaurants, and evening entertainment. 39% off fr 232 pp see more 4* turkey 7-nt all-inclusive holiday: 40% off with beautiful views overlooking the icmeler mountains, this newly renovated hotel offers fantastic facilities ideal for relaxing, including a turkish bath, sauna and massage facilities. 40% off fr 235 pp see more 4* portugal 4-nt all-inclusive holiday: 29% off a short stroll from the picturesque beach and the lively albufeira strip, this newly restored, 4* spa hotel offers a host of amenities including a large outdoor pool, solarium, terrace bar, and a selection of restaurants. 29% off fr 271 pp see more 3* lanzarote 7-nt all-inclusive holiday: 32% off ideally situated in the heart of puerto del carmen, this all-inclusive, 3* apartment offers an independent home-from-home in lanzarote. make use of the bars and restaurant on site, or wander into the nearby quaint fishing village of varadero. 32% off fr 306 pp see more see more deals terms and conditions: charges: credit: 2.5%, debit: 2, amex: 3.5% baggage & transfers are not included. calls are charged at your local rate. calls from mobiles may be included in any free minutes you may have. please ensure you have read teletext holidays' terms and conditions before you book. want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.