fword: the weekly newsletter for fubarians alike if this message is not displaying properly, click here to launch your browser. confessions close up fubar speaks angel vs. demon fuapproved hotspot tooned in fufacts scrapper says sugar t&a edition 16 - september 4th - october 1st, 2009 over 1,843,176 people f-bombed www.fubar.com/fword/16 "smart, sexy and silly... *s~s~s*" 25 kennewick, wa 26 gresham, or 25 sacramento, ca what's on your bling wish list ladies? we love the autos! but we wouldn't turn our noses at any of the others... how did you guys meet? razzy and trixy became great friends sophomore year. miss mj appeared in high school...i remember random trips up through astoria, and punk shows. how has fubar affected your relationship? fubar makes staying in touch so easy! between the shoutbox, gifts & bling, comments and ratings, it's easy to let someone know they're on your mind. what are some of the best things about having 'real life' friends join you on fubar? the inside jokes and knowing how well we all know each other. it's fun to play on here together and to know that we have each other's backs. fubar helps keep our friendship strong. we would do anything for each other. do you have any recommendations for things you must do at least once on fubar? everyone needs to get a bling pack!! it feels so good to give someone bling. especially if it's out of the blue, just to let them know you were thinking of them. surprise sneak attack bling is the best, because you know you just put a huge grin on someone's face when they may have really, really needed it. do you have any secret fubar tips that you want to share? (any shortcuts or tips you want to share) i'll take this moment to remind everyone that we were all new here once. take a minute, be nice to a green. showing a little bit of love to someone who is new might make all the difference in whether or not they log in again, or salute someday. just talk to everyone and be friendly. return love, don't whine and enjoy yourself! what is something most people would be surprised to know about you? come on, give use a secret! well, one of us can't change the country music station if patsy cline or garth brooks is playing... but shhhhhh she is a metal head. another one of the sss crew can't manage to go underwater without holding her nose no matter how hard she tries. there is one of us who claims to be so shameless that she doesn't even have any secrets! soooo do you think you can figure out who is who? come on, give it a try.... if you could plan out a perfect day, what would it consist of? a sss reunion!! that's the name the three of us call ourselves. it started as smart, sexy, & silly, but lots of "s" adjectives fit us! and then we could do group salutes for all our great friends on fubar! how do you spend your time? what is most important to you? well, friends and family are important to all of us. no matter what else is going on, spending time with the people you love and who love you is the best. "i believe strongly in equality" fubar screen name: -each1 teach1-of brass knuckle poets society age: the dirtiest of 30's fu-date-of-birth (sign-up date): october 23, 2006 location: east bay, cali level: 26 relationship status: in a relationship favorite bling you have been gifted? it's a toss-up between the calavera mask(coolest bling ever)...and the drunk hippo...love that guy. what tunes will we find in your trackz? the coolest ones on fubar....come see for yourself... any piercings/tattoos (how many? where?) removed and removed... a lil boy-devil holding an apple on my left calf, and a she-devil squatting on my right calf, and coup d'etat on my left shoulder... have you ever hooked up with someone on fubar? if so was it offline or online, how did it go down? i have! after several months of getting to know a certain girl, we decided we should meet. i took a cross country plane ride, was met at the airport and spent the next 2 weeks having a blast in missouri...looking back, i now realize what a gamble that was and am thankful as can be that it worked out so well... if babyj is really the son of the heavenly father, what does that make you? it makes me angry! do you realize the perks that must come with that? if you could plan out a perfect day, what would it consist of? im thinking sleeping in, a free show, booze, a stroll through the city with good friends and more booze....repeat. what do you believe in? what gets you riled up, fired up and ready to fight? i believe strongly in equality. any sort of racist remark in my company will prolly land you a black eye....animal rights... what's a personal passion of yours? art? music? what do you do to feel fullfilled? i've been a writer/vandal since a young age...i enjoy painting. climbing fences and getting covered with gunk at 3 in the morning is tops! i also have been known to put the pen to pad from time to time just to let off steam... what's a little-known each1 teach1 fact? i was the manager of the paint department at a hardware store for almost a year...little did the boss or my many customers know that i was colorblind as a bat... does the public deserve an option? after a summer of town hall meetings featuring swastikas, yelling, harassing, and foaming at the mouth from protesters opposing health care reform, the latest cbs news poll shows that 65% of the american people still want the public option. however, after an amendment offered by sen. john d. rockefeller iv (d-w.va.) was voted down 15 to 8, the committee voted 13 to 10 to reject a second public-option provision introduced by sen. charles e. schumer (d-n.y.) on 9/29/09. in actuality, neither of these amendments, or any of the legislative proposals that include the public option, would actually make it available to everyone. in fact, the public option, at least at the outset, would not be an option for most americans, particularly those who already have health insurance. the public, in other words, may have more appetite for the public option than many in congress do. do you think that there should be a public option? 66.7% voted yes flippant she-creature level: 27 healthcare is, in my mind, a basic human right. i don't feel that anybody should be subjected to choosing between life saving medication and paying their electric bill. people shouldn't walk around with potentially crippling illnesses simply because they can't afford a doctor or hospital bill. the idea is insane to me. sadly, we have a long way to go. people say they want public healthcare, but then complain about the price tag or scream "socialism!" when it's brought to them. 33.3% voted no hugh g joak level: 23 the problem with the public option is that it is the thin edge of the wedge. if there is a decent public option more and more of the private companies that currently offer health care to their employees are going to stop offering it as a way to cut back costs. walmart has already infamously claimed that they do offer health care but that their employees chose medicaid and that walmart couldn't compete with medicaid. a public option will lead to a complete socialized medical system. word ace makes you smarter! ok, i don't actually have proof that playing word ace will make you smarter, but it sure is a whole lot of fun. i found this game a week ago and i've seriously been playing it non-stop ever since. word ace combines a classic word game (think scrabble) with texas hold 'em. this adds up to a fast paced gambling game where you combine letters to make words with the highest score. sound easy? fine big shot...give it a try and see how you do. you can play this game on your iphone or on the palm pre and the best part is that it is free. you can also give it a try on facebook at http://apps.facebook.com/wordace . if you're a word whiz, you'll do well enough that you won't even have to buy any chips. also, every day you play, you earn more free chips. i have yet to go a day go by without a game of word ace. tempted? you should be. one of the coolest things about this game is that you can play against your friends and even chat with them too. bring on the trash talking and see if you can beat me! do you have something you love and you want to share with the people of fubar? click here . dirty little secrets is one of the largest and longest exisitng lounge on fubar today. with over 20000 members and growing everyday, dls bases its huge popularity primarily on a friendly family atmosphere combined with an all request music lineup provided by live professional djs. from blues to hip hop, classic rock to country, they offer a full variety of music for all our members. dirty little secrets is currently hiring for all positions and looking for upbeat positive people who enjoy communicating with awesome people. their philosophy is simple, give people what they want and they'll keep coming back for more. the promotions team is cutting edge and consistently keeps it "fresh" in the lounge. the live auctions and music / movie trivia nights are highly entertaining and offer members a chance to interact and win fubucks and/or bling. why not come by and be the latest dirty little secret? .... they would love to have you! we want to hear about where you like to hang out! submit your favorite lounge here . palomaresque wanna be immortalized? follow http://twitter.com/tmoneyfubar on twitter. when you see her tweet 'tooned in!' retweet that with why you should be the next on tooned. while you're at it, tweet a great pic of yourself and get your friends to retweet for you and our very own, very talented jrie will get you tooned in. don't forget to also check us out at http://twitter.com/fubartweets , too, to keep up with the latest and greatest on fubar! flyin' facts! this week's fufacts brought to you by wildrider there are more plastic flamingos in the u.s, than real ones. a duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why. donald duck's middle name is fauntleroy. butterflies taste with their feet. research indicates that mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas. have something you're dying to share with the people of fu? submit here ! arrrgghhhhh! usually i write about something helpful on fubar, but this month i am going to write about something else close to my heart... there are many names for it, but my friends i refer to it as pirate punch. the mix is very simple and you can tailor it to your specific taste. one big jug of your favorite rum (the bigger the better), one quart pineapple juice, one quart of orange juice and a  to  cup of crme de cocoa. if you are really feeling jiggy, you can add coconut rum. mix it all in a big cooler and dump a bag of ice in it. the more rum you add the better. i know i mixed a perfect batch when i can feel the rum burn on the back of my throatarghhhhh! love is all that matters? "q&a with sugar. it's liks t&a, but less interesting." q: i'm totally in love with this guy. i mean, we haven't met, but i just know he is the one...you should hear what he says to me! the problem is that i'm 30 and he is 45. he has three kids and doesn't really work a steady job. i know i want to be with him, but i'm worried what my friends and family will say. how can i convince them that love is all that matters??? a: the problem is not that your internet beau is fifteen years your senior, nor that he has lots of sperm and no steady income. the real problem is that you haven't met him. while it's certainly possible to love someone through the ether, what people say on the internet and what they do in real life are often vastly different. meet him, see how things go, and then decide for yourself if love is really all that matters. submit your questions to sugartastic here! artemis level: 25 i chose the angel path because as devilish as i can be when teasing and poking at people, i really only mean it in a good way. i pester because i care! at the drive-in level: 26 the angel and the devil on each shoulder had it out for a while trying to swing me to their side of the fu, in the end, the angel won me over by suggesting it'd be a good idea to disguise my true nature - choosing angel was like wearing a grouch marx mask. ~*sweets*~ 2nd alarm hottie~ level: 25 i picked demon because i can be evil even though i look like an angel! flip lovin' my solar level: 25 i picked demon for the simple fact angels cant have fun! demons have all the fun! enhance your fubar experience with twitter and facebook. win prizes, play games and stay in the know! brought to you by: copyright  2009. social concepts, inc. all rights reserved. to unsubscribe from future fubar mailings click here . or paste this link in your browser: http://www.fubar.com/email_settings.php?s=dfpjhhioxwuvj8zqnr63br40uchwt9r%2blpgzglsba371cjryy7m7ha%3d%3d