cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert deal alert: up to 40% off majorca, greece, marbella and more! manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers deal alert brought to you by a1travel. approved by cheapflights! 4* marbella 5-nt half-board hol w/spa: up to 40% off soak up the spanish sun, 300m from the beach at this 4* hotel with a rooftop pool, on the glimmering costa del sol, close to marbella. up to 40% off fr 235 pp see more 4* majorca 7-nt all-inclusive holiday: up to 35% off take advantage of the top-notch facilities at this modern, 4* hotel - including 3 pools and water sports - close to the restaurants and bars in town centre up to 35% off fr 272 pp see more 5* turkey 7-nt ultra all-inc w/extras: up to 35% off indulge in luxury at this 5* resort on the deep-blue med, with a free sea view room upgrade. also enjoy a free marmaris city tour, spa discounts and 2 a la carte meals. up to 35% off fr 304 pp see more 4* gran canaria 7-nt all-inclusive hol: up to 33% off enjoy a pool-view room upgrade at the modern, 4* hotel, newly refurbished for 2015. amenities including two freshwater pools, a jacuzzi, and a la carte restaurant. up to 33% off fr 352 pp see more 4* corfu 7-nt all-inc beachfront hol: up to 35% off set on one of the most impressive beaches on the island, this 4* resort offers a tranquil escape with two pools, a mini water park, gym and massage room. up to 35% off fr 239 pp see more 4* sharm el sheikh 10-nt all-inc holiday: up to 30% off with mountainous views overlooking naama bay, this 4* resort offers an idillyic escape close to the beach. highlights include a large pool, jacuzzi and an a la carte restaurant. up to 30% off fr 296 pp see more see more offers terms and conditions: exclusive deals are subject to supplier availability and are based on 2 adults sharing. want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.