cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend magazine: get inspired with flight deals, travel tips & more manage preferences | unsubscribe flight deals hotel deals special offers weekend magazine 'he who has not travelled widely thinks that his mother is the best cook' - african proverb in this issue in this issue: flights from around the uk hot deals | how to pack light | photo of the week: prague on your doorstep destination flights fr hotels fr amsterdam 36 barcelona 24 paris 58 dublin 35 majorca 16 destination flights fr hotels fr faro 22 tenerife 56 alicante 28 malaga 36 rome 32 flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 24/07/2015). search more destinations the world is your oyster destination flights fr hotels fr orlando 20 new york 58 bangkok 10 los angeles 63 manila 27 destination flights fr hotels fr dubai 71 hong kong 58 sydney 67 colombo 69 lagos 25 flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 24/07/2015). search more destinations >> change your departure point << hot deals we just love great-value holidays at cheapflights. so today, we're giving you another chance to snap up these hot deals of the month. caribbean fly-cruise 10 nts w/free balcony upgrade & miami stay planet cruise (celebrity cruises) fr 949 pp see deal new york midtown manhattan holiday w/breakfast the wise miser fr 499 pp see deal corfu 4* all-inclusive beach holiday: was 445 blue sea holidays fr 295 pp see deal turkey 5* all-inclusive beach hol, 7 nts: 41% off teletext holidays fr 182 pp see deal *prices correct as of 24 july 2015 latest news & articles carry on packing: tips on travelling light save time, money and sitting on your suitcase to squash everything in: here are some hints on how to do with just hand luggage read more photo of the week want your photo here? send us your travel pic with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com river vltava, prague, by sue stewart want deals? search here search flights search hotels hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.