cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend edition: get inspired with flights, holidays, travel tips & more... manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers the weekend edition the travel mix: fly, save, read... dream! in this issue win a trip to amsterdam! | flight & hotel offers great getaways | travel blogs | photo of the week: greece spotlight we've teamed up with weswap to bring you a great competition this week! weswap is the social currency exchange that lets you swap currency directly with people rather than buying it from a bank or elsewhere. win a luxury trip to amsterdam cheapflights exclusive enjoy a 2-night stay at a 4* hotel, with breakfast and return flights from london gatwick or stansted, for two. valid for selected dates in november 2015. to enter, all you have to do is sign up for a weswap account. competition ends 7th october 2015. (no purchase necessary to win.) enter now on your doorstep check out our best flight deals this week, available from your nearest airport. need a place to stay? then check out our hotel bargains too! destination flights fr hotels fr alicante budapest corfu fuerteventura majorca destination flights fr hotels fr malaga paris portugal rome 24 tenerife flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges. hotel prices are per night. search more destinations the world is your oyster destination flights fr hotels fr bangkok bali cape verde dubai new york destination flights fr hotels fr mauritius orlando sharm el sheikh sydney turkey flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges. hotel prices are per night. search more destinations great getaways we know you love a good deal, so here's our weekly pick of cool new deals and some you may have missed. new york 3* city break w/dining card & ba flights travelplanners save 205 fr 489 pp see deal greece 5* hol w/free upgrades & extras, 7 nts 2bookaholiday save 120 fr 259 pp see deal sharm el sheikh 5* all-inc hol w/free upgrade & more blue sea holidays save 140 fr 375 pp see deal algarve 5* luxury resort holiday w/breakfast the wise miser fr 139 pp see deal krakow & auschwitz 4* city break w/b'fast, tour & flights just luxury travel fr 159 pp see deal *prices correct as of 25/09/2015 see more deals our travel blogs need inspiration or advice on where to visit next? read our travel tips, how-to guides and infographic pieces from our travel experts. 35 ways to get an upgrade: how to get behind the curtain without maxing out your credit card. master the art of packing: whether you're a 'beach babe' or 'urban explorer', we have you covered. photo of the week get lost in our photo of the week, submitted by our subscribers. want your photo here? send it to us with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com undisturbed greece, by wg thomas *price correct as of 25/09/2015 want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.