cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend edition: get inspired with flights, hotels, holidays, travel tips & more... latest travel deals straight to your inbox manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers the weekend edition easyjet holidays | top 5 flights | weswap offer | getaways | blogs | photo of the week spotlight this week, we've team up with easyjet holidays to bring you these exciting holiday offers for summer 2016. plan ahead with these fantastic savings for holidays to spain, portugal and greece with the uk's largest airline by number of passengers carried. 50 off summer holidays 2016! portugal, greece & spain offers majorca bed & breakfast fr 221 pp costa del sol self-catering fr 239 pp madeira bed & breakfast fr 245 pp algarve bed & breakfast fr 276 pp malta self-catering fr 281 pp crete all-inclusive fr 324 pp see terms and conditions* prices correct as of 23/10/15 top 5 destinations check out our best flight deals this week, available from your nearest airport. need a place to stay? then check out our hotel bargains too! top shopping destinations destination flights fr hotels fr 1. new york 2. berlin 3. dubai 4. sydney 5. marrakech top historical spots destination flights fr hotels fr 1. rome 2. prague 3. london 4. budapest 5. crete thrill-seeker destinations destination flights fr hotels fr 1. reykjavik 2. orlando 3. las vegas 4. sharm el sheikh 5. johannesburg top romantic cities destination flights fr hotels fr 1. paris 2. venice 3. vienna 4. malta 5. faro flight prices are per person return, and include taxes and charges. hotel prices are per night. search more destinations cheapflights exclusive! this week we've teamed up with weswap again, to bring you 10 travel spending money, for free! plus be in with a chance to win 250 in an exclusive prize draw! weswap is the social currency exchange that lets you swap currency directly with people abroad, rather than buying it from a bank or elsewhere. join weswap & get 10 free! free spend & prize draw entry to enter, all you have to do is sign up to weswap via the link below by 5th november 2015. once you've made your first load of 50 or more, your 10 bonus will be credited to your account within 5 working days. plus, you'll automatically be in the running to win 250 travel money on your weswap card. enter now great getaways we know you love a good deal, so here's our weekly pick of cool new deals and some you may have missed. iceland: northern lights city break w/b'fast & tour, 3 or 4 nts absolute iceland fr 219 pp see deal nile cruise & hurghada 5* fb w/flights & all-inc stay, 14 nts viva holidays 35% off fr 679 pp see deal las vegas 4* hol on the strip w/tours, 4 nts travelplanners was 1014 fr 739 pp^ see deal dubai 4* deluxe hol w/b'fast & emirate flights the holiday place was 749 fr 449 pp see deal ^resort fee of $33 plus tax per room, per day is to be paid locally at the planet hollywood. prices correct as of 11/09/2015 see more deals our travel blogs need inspiration or advice on where to visit next? read our travel tips, how-to guides and infographic pieces from our travel experts. a shopaholic's guide: new york vs berlin where to shop if you find yourself fortunate enough to explore these global fashion meccas?... the evolution of flying: 007 style bond might drive an aston martin, but even he can't deny the art of flying... photo of the week get lost in our photo of the week, submitted by our subscribers. want your photo here? send it to us with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com lullaby, dikholo britis, south africa - by annatjie wagenaar *t's and c's: prices are based on 2 adults sharing a room and include flights & accommodation. baggage & transfers are not included *get 50 off all package holidays departing from the uk when you make a new booking for a minimum of 7 nights on the easyjet holidays website before midnight on 28 october 2015 for travel from the 27th june to the 4th september 2016. you must enter the promo code summer16 when booking. your voucher code can only be used once per booking and can't be used on top of any other voucher offer. holidays are provided by hotelopia slu trading as easyjet holidays. atol protected 10915. other terms and conditions apply. want more? search here flight search hotel search special offers travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets. momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.