linkedin groups group: maritime deck officers subject: announcement from maritime deck officers dear member of maritime deck officers - i need talented sales people for my crew, please see text below: sales agent for the exhibition "danish maritime fair" the agent will operate completely independant and will be allocated a territory he/she can address and focus on - but territories will have open borders and the profile can also sell to contacts outside his own territory. agent will use his own telephone/internet and will cover all cost related to the job. agent will receive a list of customers he must address, and it should be updated with relevant contact person, e-mail and telephone number and status of enquiry. agent will forward customer to our sales department as soon as he show considerable interest in the fair. our sales department will take over from there. if the lead converts into an order, 10% commision will be paid out. commision is paid out based on invoice once a month, when customer have paid. sales price for booths are between 1.342 and 13.422 eur - so a good income can be expected if agent can sell. there will be no further handling and commision will only be paid out if the contact converts to a fixed order. agent will have the right to sell the entire portfolio from maritime danmark, including banners, advertorials and advertisements. agent should preferably have a background in shipping, he must speak the mother tongue of the territory he is interested in and he must be proficient with telephone and good with spelling. when agent contacts customers, he will present himself as "sales agent for danish maritime fair" on top of this, any lists of maritime companies in the following territories will be most appriciated: norway, sweden, germany, france, italy, turkey, spain, greece, the netherlands, belgium, u.k, russia, singapore, korea, japan, china, hong kong, india, australia, brazil, usa, canada, south africa contact me on sales@maritimedanmark.dk if you are interested in the job or have a list that you want to share with me. this is also the e-mail to use if you want to receive further information about the event. you can check this http://www.maritimedenmark.dk/?side=37 website is expected up running soon. posted by jakob le fevre view or add comments  don't want to hear from the manager? unsubscribe here this email was intended for dhiraj kumar (member at international business cell, delhi school of economics). learn why we included this .  2014, linkedin corporation. 2029 stierlin ct. mountain view, ca 94043, usa