back by popular demand  tackling the challenges of big data returns learn the latest strategies and techniques from leading security experts at mit. the big data skills you need to advance your career in response to the ongoing demand for expert insight on big data, our partners at mit professional education have announced the return of tackling the challenges of big data , a 6-week course developed and delivered by leading faculty from the mit computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory (csail) in collaboration with mit professional education. earn official recognition from mit as you learn to approach big data from a strategic and technical perspective to make more informed and successful business decisions. when you successfully complete the course you're eligible to receive 2.0 continuing education units (ceus) from mit professional education. upcoming sessions october 6 - november 17, 2015 november 17 - december 29, 2015 learn more survey timely topics like, data collection (smartphones, sensors, the web) data storage and processing (scalable relational databases, hadoop, spark, etc.) extracting structured data from unstructured data systems issues (exploiting multicore, security) analytics (machine learning, data compression, efficient algorithms) visualization and a range of applications join nearly 8,000 professionals from over 100 countries and 3,000 organizations who have tackled big data. enroll today for only $545 and save an additional 10% with the code: mitxbd10 . enroll in tacking the challenges of big data today * offer terms & conditions promotional code must be entered at time of registration and payment must be made in accordance with digital programs policies in order to receive discount. offer cannot be applied to previously submitted registrations and credit will not be applied retroactively. offers cannot be combined for additional discounts. introductory price is only available for the september run of the course. facebook twitter linkedin google plus tumblr view this email in your browser copyright  2015 edx - main, all rights reserved. you are receiving this email because you have enrolled in an mitx course on edx. our mailing address is: edx - main 141 portland st 9th floor cambridge , ma 02139 add us to your address book unsubscribe from this list update subscription preferences forward to a friend