cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert check-in with trivago: greece, tenerife, majorca, algarve, malta & usa... manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers deal alert brought to you by trivago. approved by cheapflights! greece greece  3-5* hotel stays across popular islands  stay in piraeus, corfu, rhodes & more  visit historical sights or relax on the beach up to 70% off fr 11 pn see deal malta malta  3-5* hotels rated 'very good' or 'excellent'  ideal escapes for couples & families  mellieha, bugibba, sliema, qawra & more up to 90% off fr 11 pn see deal algarve algarve  3-5* hotel stays with top deals  portimao, vilamoura, albufeira & more  haven for golf lovers & explorers up to 95% off fr 8 pn see deal majorca majorca  3-5* hotels rated 'very good' or 'excellent'  canyamel, magaluf, alcudia & more  stunning beaches & an excellent nightlife up to 60% off fr 24 pn see deal tenerife tenerife  3-5* hotel stays in year-round sunshine  top-rated properties across popular resorts  perfect getaways for couples & families up to 60% off fr 28 pn see deal usa usa  3-5* hotel stays with top brands  san diego, orlando, new york & more  see historical landmarks & attractions up to 55% off fr 32 pn see deal see more deals terms and conditions: www.trivago.co.uk allows travellers to find the perfect hotel at the best price, from over 700,000 hotels and over 200 booking sites worldwide. rates quoted are based on double room price per night. all prices listed above are for guidance only and may vary depending on availability of partners. want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.