cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend edition: get inspired with flights, holidays, travel tips & more manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers the weekend edition the travel mix: fly, save, read... dream! competition time! we're giving you another chance to enter this great competition from weswap! weswap is the social currency exchange that lets you swap currency directly with people rather than buying it from a bank or elsewhere. win a trip to barcelona! a city break for two people enjoy a 2-night hotel stay with breakfast and return flights from london stansted. valid for a choice of dates september-november 2015. to enter, all you have to do is sign up for a weswap account. competition ends 31 august 2015. (no purchase necessary to win.) enter now sun escapes check out our best flight deals this week, available from your nearest airport. need a place to stay? then check out our hotel bargains too! destination flights fr hotels fr alicante 28 dalaman 22 faro 20 majorca 16 malaga 36 destination flights fr hotels fr rhodes 13 sydney 72 south africa 23 tenerife 63 thailand 9 flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 14/08/2015). search more destinations city breaks destination flights fr hotels fr amsterdam 38 auckland 77 barcelona 59 delhi 31 dubai 91 destination flights fr hotels fr kuala lumpur 34 las vegas 15 new york 58 orlando 20 rome 24 flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 14/08/2015). search more destinations great getaways we know you love a good deal, so here's our weekly pick of cool new deals and some you may have missed. emirates & oman 7-nt fly-cruise; upgrade fr 50 voyager travel direct (msc musica) 160 off fr 699 pp see deal majorca 4* all-inclusive 3-nt hol: adults hotel the wise miser fr 159 pp see deal crete 5* all-inc holiday in spa hotel bargain holidays online 35% off fr 348 pp see deal fuerteventura 4* all-inc, 7 nts, central location a1travel.com up to 30% off fr 365 pp see deal *prices correct as of 14/08/2015 our travel blogs need inspiration or advice on where to visit next? read our travel tips, how-to guides and infographic pieces from our travel experts. just in: 6 new short-haul routes released spain: 28 reasons we love it! photo of the week get lost in our photo of the week, submitted by our subscribers. want your photo here? send it to us with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com man-made pond at hampstead heath - gregory pamphile want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.