cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend edition: get inspired with flights, holidays, travel tips & more manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers the weekend edition the travel mix: fly, save, read... dream! competition time! we've teamed up with weswap to bring you a great competition this week! weswap is the social currency exchange that lets you swap currency directly with people rather than buying it from a bank or elsewhere. win a city break for two! beautiful barcelona enjoy a 2-night hotel stay with breakfast and return flights from london stansted. valid for a choice of dates september-november 2015. to enter, all you have to do is sign up for a weswap account. competition ends 31 august 2015. (no purchase necessary to win.) enter now europe check out our best flight deals this week, available from your nearest airport. need a place to stay? then check out our hotel bargains too! destination flights fr hotels fr amsterdam 38 alicante 28 barcelona 22 berlin 13 corfu 23 destination flights fr hotels fr faro 20 majorca 16 malaga 36 paris 77 tenerife 63 flight prices are per person return, and include t axes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 07/08/2015). search more destinations rest of the world destination flights fr hotels fr bangkok 9 delhi 31 dubai 91 hong kong 59 kuala lumpur 34 destination flights fr hotels fr las vegas 15 manila 24 new york 58 orlando 20 sydney 72 flight prices are per person return, and include t axes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 07/08/2015). search more destinations great getaways we know you love a good deal, so heres our weekly pick of cool new deals and some you may have missed. algarve hotel 3-5* hotels in popular resorts trivago up to 85% off from 31 pn fuerteventura holiday 4* hol w/all-inc plus upgrade the wise miser from 299 pp kos holiday 4* beachfront all-inclusive hol blue sea holidays save 140 from 299 pp dubai holiday 5* hotel w/b'fast & flights teletext holidays 20% off from 475 pp prices correct as of 07/08/2015. our travel blogs need inspiration or advice on where to visit next? read our travel tips, how-to guides and infographic pieces from our travel experts. kama seatra: what's your favourite sky-high position? barcelona: 10 money-saving tips how to: book flights by phone inspiration: 13 shots of the southern lights photo of the week get lost in our photo of the week, submitted by our subscribers. want your photo here? send it to us with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com loch turret dam in perthshire, scotland by jamie duncan want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.