the times 100 business case studies - issue 14 issue 14 - this week looks at sources of finance under the finance topic. the complete collection - business case studies this cd contains the complete collection, gathering all 265 case studies from the 15 external environment, finance, marketing, operations, people and strategy volumes. it offers a comprehensive tool to not only help you excel in exams, but to gear you up with lifelong business knowledge. to make sure everyone can get on a computer at your school or university and access the cd, your teacher can choose the network licence and save 100. the cd is a great learning tool no matter what stage youre at with your education, whether youre choosing your gsces or writing a dissertation, the easy-to-read and engaging case studies contain real-world and relevant business information. learn more and order your copy sources of finance there are a number of ways of raising finance for a business. the type of finance chosen depends on the nature of the business. large organisations are able to use a wider variety of finance sources than are smaller ones. savings are an obvious way of putting money into a business. a small business can also borrow from families and friends. in contrast, companies raise finance by issuing shares. large companies often have thousands of different shareholders. read more private finance initiatives this case study explores the role of pwc's financial advisory services with a focus on private finance initiatives. read more raising finance for smes the case study examines the source of finance and the way smes find access to it. read more shop for business studies resources finance reources below: the finance collection this e-book collects all 50 case studies from the three marketing volumes, making it easy for you to get to grips with the whole marketing side of the curriculum, from the 4ps to branding and the product life cycle. finance case studies external environment case studies finance case studies marketing case studies operations case studies people case studies strategy case studies case studies revision theory teaching resources companies careers about us talk to us click to share by email you are receiving this email because you requested to receive information about business case studies on our website. not interested anymore? unsubscribe . having trouble viewing this email? view it in your browser .