welcome to satellite direct- the future of television. how to get thousands of tv channels on your pc... and never pay another monthly bill again in today's rocky economic climate, most households are cutting back wherever they can. and with cable and satellite television costing anywhere from $65- $150 a month (more if you count premium movie channels) many people are making their television sets the first part of their homes to get the axe. but what if there was a way to enjoy thousands of television channels, including hard to find international shows, cnn, hbo, espn and more? watch satellite & cable tv on your pc or mac - find out more! with no subscription services or monthly bills , no hardware to install, and 24/7 unlimited access, is it any wonder that internet media magazine hailed satellite direct as "unequivocally the best tv to pc software on the net"? don't be fooled by other so called "great deals" on satellite television service for your pc that give you only limited access to channels, or have dozens of hidden fees that end up costing you more than your current cable service. for less than the price of one month's subscription cable or satellite service, you can enjoy a lifetime of television- over 3,500 channels! - from the convenience of your laptop or desktop. and forget the hassles of waiting for installation, or hours on hold with the cable company. installing satellite direct is as easy as 1, 2, 3. 1. register - answer a few simple questions, and our easy registration system will process your one time payment. that's right, no monthly bills- ever. 2. download - follow the easy, on screen instructions to download our software. no hardware to install, no equipment to buy. 3. watch and enjoy - sit back and enjoy thousands of television channels, from soaps and sports to movies and dramas, any time, day or night. watch satellite & cable tv on your pc or mac - find out more! with crystal clear picture and sound quality, exceptional customer service, and a lifetime of television for less than you'd pay for just one month of cable service, satellite direct is the best way to get the most for your tv dollar. welcome to the future of television, the satellite direct team 156 main st, dallas, tx 75231, usa to unsubscribe or change subscriber options visit: http://www.aweber.com/z/r/?baycriwstmwcdmycjgxmtea0jeymlkxsdjw=