answer: the best investment is in a 3 months trip around the world. it will be... top stories from your feed your quora digest how should i invest $1000? alexandre thiery 177 votes the best investment is in a 3 months trip around the world. it will be worth much more than the few hundreds bucks that you could harvest over the next decade if you put your money in whatever investment. you will realise that when you turn 30. what are reasons that some people support israel? joseph guindi , thermodynamics engineer; aerospace, buildings & sustainable energy 318 votes i'm egyptian, i personally know several palestinians, and i support israel (and palestine, but that is not the question). i don't defend everything they do, but i really grow tired of people painting it as "bad israel, victim palestine". it's a damn shame that even today the best place for an arab to live freely and comfortably in the middle east is... in israel. it's a far more complicated iss... read more  what does it feel like to have narrowly missed a flight that later crashed killing everyone on board? stephanie vardavas , i wonder. 309 votes this happened to a guy i used to work for, donald dell. donald was in the uk on business in december 1988 and was scheduled to fly home on pan am flight 103 on wednesday, december 21. donald has some challenges with timeliness and is often late, but it was almost christmas and he was eager to get home. this may have been the only time in his life he has ever been early to the airport, and he... read more  pulkit singh voted up this answer. what are some amazing facts about u.a.e.? saran udayakumar , engineer | francophile | avid traveller 316 votes here are some facts, people living over the 80th floor of dubais tallest building in the world have to wait 2 extra minutes before breaking their fast during the holy month of ramadan because they will be able to see the sun longer than those on the ground. when the founding father of dubai, sheikh rashid, was asked about the future of dubai, he said: my grandfather rode a camel, my father ro... read more  what is the reason for the recent stock market crash on monday 24 aug 2015? gonzalo camina ceballos , contributor at www-opseeker-com and at seeking alpha 126 votes the perfect storm. china just showed its cards deciding to devaluate its currency. currency devaluation is a desperate move to boost growth that monetary authorities make when the economy is about to slow down. there are a lot of examples through history that you can find out in one of our posts. @page on opseeker-com. if chinese growth indeed slows down, the consequences for the rest of the ... read more  television series: what are some must-see tv series, and why? devesh gosavi 457 votes so i've mentioned my list below.with each pick i will mention the reason for it being on this list. 1) breaking bad.  ... read more  why is africa so behind economically? jaap weel , programmer. economist. 63 votes here's a suggestive chart from romer's advanced macroeconomics (www-amazon-com/advanced- macroeco... ): it's rare in the social sciences to find data as clear-cut as this graph. as you can see, it's not so much africa that's poor, but any place close to the equator is poor. and much of africa happens to be close to the equator. of course, re-framing the question doesn't answer it, but it is goin... read more  i've been offered $100k for a great domain name i own. i'm tempted, but i also want to build out a great site at the domain. what should i do? lee grey 222 votes in 1999, i was offered $100k for my source code. (it actually happened twice -- another party offered the same amount a year or two later.) i had put grueling months of sleepless nights into this code. there was no way i was going to let it go for $100k! this many years later, i still regret not taking the money. it might have felt too cheap at the time, but it still would have had an impa... read more  why is the chinese economy slowing down? yui aragaki , harper is my homeland~ 140 votes i'll briefly talk about the slowdown of economy in the industry of production in china. i think this is the main reason of the stagnated economy of china. as many may know, the prosperity of chinese economy was mainly due to the low cost of labor force. however, as the economy prospers, the demand for higher wages and better working conditions increases. in 2008, when the government issued the... read more  why do the business models of vc necessitate taking around a 20% stake in the startups they fund? dave mcclure , geeks. founders. startups. the internet revolution. founding partner & troublemaker @ 500-co 251 votes all these answers are nonsense & mathematically flawed. it has absolutely nothing to do with returns. the reason is because they want to hold board seats in the company, and have controlling stakes in governance. there is *no* good logic behind vcs taking 20% of individual companies in order to generate returns. they could take a lower % of more co's, or a higher % of fewer co's, and still ac... read more  read more in your feed this email was sent by quora (650 castro street #450, mountain view, ca 94041). quora is the best answer to any question. unsubscribe from this email.