cheapflights.co.uk travel deals alert the weekend edition: get inspired with flights, holidays, travel tips & more... manage preferences | unsubscribe flight search hotel search special offers the weekend edition the travel mix: fly, save, read... dream! spotlight this week, we've teamed up with holidaygenie.com to bring you these fantastic holiday offers to the usa. an award-winning company, holidaygenie.com provide tailor-made holidays to destinations worldwide and offer a value-for-money, convenient and expert service! usa holidays: up to 34% off! fly virgin atlantic or delta orlando up to 33% off fr 479 pp new york up to 27% off fr 489 pp disney-area villa up to 34% off fr 499 pp las vegas up to 28% off fr 599 pp universal orlando up to 33% off fr 599 pp miami up to 22% off fr 649 pp sun escapes check out our best flight deals this week, available from your nearest airport. need a place to stay? then check out our hotel bargains too! destination flights fr hotels fr alicante 25 cape town 22 corfu 27 cyprus 12 dalaman 28 destination flights fr hotels fr goa 25 majorca 52 malaga 31 sydney 43 tenerife 52 flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 11/09/2015). search more destinations city breaks destination flights fr hotels fr amsterdam 51 bangkok 6 barcelona 22 budapest 30 delhi 29 destination flights fr hotels fr dubai 40 las vegas 16 manila 16 new york 63 orlando 21 flight prices are per person return, and include taxes & charges (correct at time of send). hotel prices are per night (correct as of 11/09/2015). search more destinations great getaways we know you love a good deal, so here's our weekly pick of cool new deals and some you may have missed. cathay pacific offers premium flights to asia & australia flight centre first and business end 30 september fr 908 rt see deal sandals autumn sale luxury st lucia all-inc w/virgin flights sandals resorts up to 45% off fr 1299 pp see deal crete 5* all-inc spa resort hol: 7, 10 or 14 nts blue sea holidays save 150 fr 359 pp see deal tenerife 4* all-inc hol w/free room upgrade the wisemiser 25% off fr 369 pp see deal *prices correct as of 11/09/2015 see more hot deals our travel blogs need inspiration or advice on where to visit next? read our travel tips, how-to guides and infographic pieces from our travel experts. style high club: fashion in the sky plastic fantastic: 32 famous lego landmarks photo of the week get lost in our photo of the week, submitted by our subscribers. want your photo here? send it to us with a brief description to: photo@cheapflights.com through the looking glass, marrakech - by paul letts want deals? search here flight search hotel search hot travel deals travel news download our free app customer rating: this easy-to-use app compares deals from more than 700 airlines and travel providers making travel search easier and faster than ever. download our cheapflights app: available on ios and android devices connect with us settings and information preferences unsubscribe privacy advertise feedback sign up to ensure this email lands in your inbox every week, please add cheapflights@list.cheapflights.co.uk to your address book or safe sender list. this email was originally sent to sidharthjain0051@gmail.com because you have signed up to receive our newsletter. cheapflights does not sell tickets but provides a price comparison service for prospective purchasers of travel products. therefore, while we always aim for complete accuracy, prices may vary at time of booking. the deals in this newsletter were correct at the time of writing but are subject to change beyond our control, particularly as a result of availability, which may be extremely limited. cheapflights accepts no liability for inaccuracies arising from this or any other cause, including, but not limited to, expiration of deals and typographical error, we are not responsible for any loss, damages, or injury incurred by the deals herein. if in doubt, always consult the agent or company supplying the tickets momondo group ltd, control tower, one alfred place, london, wc1e 7eb.